Transform your creative workflow with
Design AI, the all-in-one AI powerhouse
that gives you total control over every
pixel. From locking in consistent
characters and animating them with lip
sync to generating cinematic 1080p
video, AI powered story video maker,
online AI avatar generator, create
winning ads in seconds, controllable AI
graphic design, and many more popular AI
tools in one place. This is my favorite
AI tool I ever use. So before start
today is video, welcome back to Manu AGI
tutorials. Here we explore the exciting
world of AI, latest AI tools for you. So
don't forget to hit that subscribe
button and the notification bell so you
don't miss out on the latest AI
insights. So let's start today's video.
First of all, you have to come to the
design AI. You will also find its link
in the description box and simply click
on start free button. Also cedence 2.0
zero upgrade sale. Don't miss it's
limited. Here you can see stop jumping
between five different apps just to
finish one project. Design AI brings
everything into a single canvas from
consistent character creation and lips
sync to high-end AI video generation.
It's the only all-in-one AI toolkit that
gives you total creative control from
start to finish. Want to turn your
wildest ideas into professional designs
in seconds? Simply describe what you
want to see and here you can see
multiple AI models in one place like
Nano Banana Pro, Cedence 2.0, GPT
images, Gro 2. Also for the demo, let's
create an image. Here we can select the
images aspect ratio. We have the option
to select multiple ratios and adjust the
quality up to 4K. Unlock endless
creative possibilities.
Access thousands of pre-esigned design
styles and generate breathtaking
professional images instantly and just
describe whatever you want to create.
Like let me put a prompt here and get it
generated. I described the prompt for a
bear and a girl on Iceland. And here on
the right you can see that our
generation has started in a few seconds.
Here you can see that our image has been
generated. Now here in this image we
have to show sunset also which will make
this image even better. For this we will
use the chat editor. Here we will click
on simply chat editor and here we will
write add sunset.
In few seconds you can see whatever
changes we wanted in the image have been
done. So in this way you can use chat
editor and here you also get AI tools
like you can enhance your image here and
while downloading the image you get many
formats here like JPG, PNG and you can
download the image by enhancing it up to
four times. Now this same image I'm
going to show you how transform it into
a breathtaking cinematic sequence using
design AI imagetovideo tool while
keeping your characters 100% consistent.
As you can see here you get many AI
models like cedence 2.0 cling video 03
VidU Q1 Google VO 3.1. If you're going
to use start and end frames for the
image you'll find more AI models here.
Also here we will select its ratio and
keep the quality as 720p.
And we can also control the length here.
For example, here we will keep the
length as 10 seconds. And here we will
select our image in the start frame and
click on the generate button in just a
few seconds. Here you can see what a
beautiful video has come out. Look at
the lighting on this polar bear. It
handled the arctic glow perfectly.
Now I'm going to show you how to use
highfidelity lip sync animations that
match the 1080p quality of your original
video generation.
For this simply click on lip sync
button. And here you can see that AI has
been selected face automatically. And
here you can also select the face
manually. Now here you can see our
speaker A and speaker B. You can call
them whatever you want. So first of all
we will find a good voice for speaker A
which is our bear. Here you will get
thousands of voices in different
languages as well. Along with this, you
can also use your own voice or clone
your voice. You can also let's listen to
a good voice and write a small message.
>> Gruff old man's voice slow and ladies
and gentlemen explore.
>> And the best thing here is that you can
generate unlimited voices. So here I
have written a message for our speaker
A. Now we can create voice over for
speaker B. As you can see, our speaker B
is a girl. Then here we will use a
female voice and type a message. Now
we'll be lip-syncing this conversation
using text to speech. As you can see
here, it's too easy and simple. Now here
you can see that we have generated all
the messages and adjusted them here. Now
we just have to click on the generate
button. You can see in the night set the
processing is started. Let's skip this
part. I will show you the result
directly. So here our video is ready.
Let's play it and see.
>> Who are you on my ice?
>> I'm just looking for shelter.
>> This place is dangerous for you.
>> I know. I didn't mean to come here.
>> Why should I trust you?
>> Sorry.
>> Watch how the facial expressions stay
perfectly in character. Stop using
clunky third party apps to animate your
faces. Design AI create professional
highfidelity lip-sync animations that
match the 1080p quality of your original
video generation. Here you can also
create your own character with 100%
consistent characters that too with
complete details and training. Let's
create our own character for demo. For
this we will click on build your
character here. Here you will get
pre-built characters which you can use
for your social media or any content. If
you want you can also create your own.
So we will create a character on quick
mode. Just upload one image and get
generated your character in seconds. Or
you can you use training mode where you
can upload multiple images and design AI
deeply learn your character with best
highquality results. For this time we
use quick mode and here you can also
upload just one face image of your
character or we can create your own
character. Just write your character
name and description and select style.
Like I'm creating a 3D AI cartoon
character for demo. In few seconds you
can see our character is generated. Now
we will select this character. You can
get multiple images converted with
consistent character here. Whatever we
want our character to do, we have to put
it in a simple imprompt.
Now let's take another form from this
character and say that our character is
reading right now.
Here you can see that the character we
created is completely consistent. So in
this way you can generate multiple
images with 100% consistent character.
Let's convert any one of these images
into Nvidia. For that we will click
here.
And here you can see that the first
frame of our character is automatically
selected. And here we will simply enter
the prompt of our character movement
whichever we want to do. And after
selecting AI model simply click on the
generate button. And here you can see
that the video of the character we
created has also been generated.
Let's compare Koling 3.0 and Cedence 2.0
AI model. We use same prompt for both
video generation. Here you can see we
input a text to video prompt and AI
model is cedence 2.0 AI quality is 720p
and duration we set 8 seconds. Let's see
how cedence 2.0 O response. Let me skip
the processing. I'll show you the
result. This video generated by Cedence
2.0. Both AI models are really good as
you can see here. Now let's see how
cling 3.0 AI model responds of the same
text to video prompt. Let me skip the
processing. I'll show you the result.
This video generated by cling 3.0 and
also same prompt. This video generated
by Cedence 2.0. Here you get audio also.
Both AI models are really good as you
can see here.
Stop scrolling and start designing with
design AI. I want to see what you create
with these tools. Tag me in your
results.